README.md, before:

# Extensions

Useful extensions for Chrome.

## GN

Remove popups and allow to watch the embedded videos of GN sites.

Based on [Removedor de Popups](https://github.com/jonvargas/chrome-nacioncom-removal) project.

It uses [Minified JavaScript Library](http://minifiedjs.com) to select DOM's items.

Currently, it removes popups in these sites:

* aldia.cr
* elfinancierocr.com
* lateja.co.cr
* nacion.com
* revistaperfil.com
* yuplon.com

### Change Log

#### 1.1

* Clean source code

#### 1.0

* Allow to watch the embedded videos

#### 0.5

* Remove popup about subscription

#### 0.4

* Add lateja.co.cr, revistaperfil.com and aldia.cr

#### 0.3

* Replace minified.js file by minified-web.js (smaller)

#### 0.2

* Add yuplon.com
* Add timer to wait all popups are loaded

#### 0.1

* Add nacion.com and elfinancierocr.com

## RPL

Watch live videos from RPL site.

It works on repretel.com site.

Currently, it replaces these channels:

- 2
- 4
- 6
- 11

### Change Log

#### 1.0

* Change name and description of extension
* Links are now opened in another tab
* Clean code

#### 0.1

* Replace URLs

Commit message:

Remove popups of FB sites.

README.md, after:

# Extensions

Useful extensions for Chrome.

All of them use [Minified JavaScript Library](http://minifiedjs.com) to select DOM's items.

## GN

Remove popups and allow to watch the embedded videos of GN sites.

Based on [Removedor de Popups](https://github.com/jonvargas/chrome-nacioncom-removal) project.

Currently, it removes popups in these sites:

* aldia.cr
* elfinancierocr.com
* lateja.co.cr
* nacion.com
* revistaperfil.com
* yuplon.com

### Change Log

#### 1.1

* Clean source code

#### 1.0

* Allow to watch the embedded videos

#### 0.5

* Remove popup about subscription

#### 0.4

* Add lateja.co.cr, revistaperfil.com and aldia.cr

#### 0.3

* Replace minified.js file by minified-web.js (smaller)

#### 0.2

* Add yuplon.com
* Add timer to wait all popups are loaded

#### 0.1

* Add nacion.com and elfinancierocr.com

## RPL

Watch live videos from RPL site.

It works on repretel.com site.

Currently, it replaces these channels:

- 2
- 4
- 6
- 11

### Change Log

#### 1.0

* Change name and description of extension
* Links are now opened in another tab
* Clean code

#### 0.1

* Replace URLs

## FB

Remove popups of FB sites.

#### 1.0

* Remove popup that asks to login
